CROWD:
Ding ding ding! Hello hello hello!
MAN:
We’re here to inform you that Vanegas has arrived, arrived!
CROWD:
— We were the worst, now we’re the best!
CROWD: We were the worst, now we’re the best!
— Fighting for life, drugs will be defeated!
CROWD: Fighting for life, drugs will be defeated!
— Can we, or can we not!?
CROWD: We can!
MAN:
We come from the Papá Vanegas Corporation, we don't beg.
We’re humbly working with these delicious cookies,
to give our support to many young people so they can thrive.
Would you like to help by buying a few?
— How much are they?
— Thank you very much. You see, Papá Vanegas
Corporation is an Institution...
...where they help people with drug addiction, alcoholism,
delinquency, and housing issues.
If you know someone with these kinds of issues,
-a family member, a friend, a neighbor-,
there’s a label in the wrap with our address and phone number,
so we can help these young people.
Through the chants we deliver messages as well.
We deliver messages that tell people that
we don’t care so much about...
...selling a product, as we do for sending
a message that says we can;
that these people here right now are fighting for their lives,
and also that through this product we are selling,
we’re helping many more.
Because this is something that motivates us so much...
...to let people know who we were, and what we are now.
Because we used to be people who didn’t socialize
with the community,
and now through these chants we get in touch with it again,
and our happiness is such, that people can also feel it,
because if we smile,
they smile back at us every time, whether they
buy the cookies or not.
— I’m always motivated and happy!
CROWD: I’m always motivated and happy!
— With Vanegas I’ll always live!
CROWD: With Vanegas I’ll always live!
— Always keep strong and carry on!
CROWD: Always keep strong and carry on!
— Without drugs or alcohol I will live!
CROWD: Without drugs or alcohol I will live!
— More new headquarters I will build!
CROWD: More new headquarters I will build!
— And I’ll live happy in this society!
CROWD: And I’ll live happy in this society!
— Can we, or can we not!?
CROWD: We can!
Good morning, how are you? I’m sorry to bother you,
my name is Sergio, I come from Papá Vanegas Corporation…
SERGIO:
I came to this place because I was tired of suffering,
because I come from the street. I used to live on the streets...
...I was, and I quote, “a hobo”. I made the decision
to change because...
...I have started two processes here in the Corporation.
I have failed twice.
One of the times I failed I went to jail. I went to jail,
and it changed my life completely.
Being behind bars, being among prisoners is hard.
They are brave; believe me when I say they are fighters.
They are strong, and we have to support them no matter what.
Believe me when I say this. And whenever I am able to,
I do support them.
And I know there are many people who want to.
These young men are nice,
they’re honest, and…I don’t know, they’re just wonderful to me.
I feel proud, and it makes me happy when people
come out their balconies,
applaud us, cheer for us, or look out their windows…
…You know what I mean? So, the chants are
very important to us, in our lives.
— I wake up every morning…
CROWD: I wake up every morning…
— …with the will to change!
CROWD: …with the will to change!
— No more drugs, no more alcohol!
CROWD: No more drugs, no more alcohol!
— I’ll start a positive life!
CROWD: I’ll start a positive life!
— I used to be an immature child…
CROWD: I used to be an immature child…
ANDERSON:
Delicious cookies for just 2.000 pesos…
Thank you sir for your help.
Here they go my friend…
Have a nice day!
We’re a group of young people trying to leave drugs and
alcohol behind, honey!
Help us by buying a few cookies! We’re trying to thrive,
2000 pesos, honey!
WOMAN:
I am an alcoholic, and I also spent three months in
La Luz Foundation.
It helped me a lot, and since you’re recording this,
I would like to say...
...to whoever watches this, to keep going, really,
life can’t be wasted.
Drugs are an abyss, they’re like a Mike Tyson you have to keep fighting, so…
— Yes, every day.
…Every day, 24/7…It’s my first year sober this March,
and you can do it,
and the blessings are more, thanks to the Superior Power
and God before all.
How much are they?
— 2000 pesos honey, and God bless you my queen.
We have to keep going, and never give up.
— Never give up. So, keep going, and really, we can do it.
— God bless you, honey. May God repay you, thank you.
Bye, have a nice day.
MAN:
The chants are something I feel inside, a passion.
It’s similar to what you feel for your soccer team,
you go “Oh, Colombia!; Oh, Nacional !”.
It’s the same. This Corporation is super wow   for me,
you know what I mean?
You gotta get the good out of the bad,
and the best out of the good.
Every day is a lesson, and you gotta live each day
as if it was the last.
MAN: I feel capable and certain today!
CROWD: I feel capable and certain today!
— You can be happy without drugs.
CROWD: You can be happy without drugs.
One video is not enough to know all the facets of Papavanegas. There's more ! Look for them in other streets !